Hey
I took your advice
it was very good advice shot
look I can see that you think you know
me but I don't know who you are my name
is captain Colter Stevens no no talk to
the chef I don't know who Sean is and I
don't know who you are
welcome back captain Stevens where am I
you are inside the source code what is
the source code it's a computer program
captain source code enables you to cross
over into another man's identity in the
last eight minutes of his life at 7:48
this morning a bomb exploded on a train
outside of Chicago killing everyone on
board and named Sean Fentress was on
that train he is now you think captain
remember back who bombed the Train I
don't know Barma train then try again
wait no so what do you think it's the
same train but it's different we've been
informed there will be another attack in
six hours if you find the bomber the
next attack could be prevented
concentrate on the passengers in your
car look for ones who seem nervous as
always you will have eight minutes eight
minutes and then I blow up again what
would you do if you knew you had less
than eight minutes to live I'd make
those seconds count
I want to go back in I'm gonna save her
okay doesn't work that way
Cristina is dead she doesn't have to be
you cannot alter this reality while
inside the source code I'm asking you to
have the decency to let me try
he's in trouble tell me everything's
gonna be okay
you